[Music]
spoon all right you know what I think
he's bored gonna play the airplane game
you wanna show me chill Kyle you gonna
do something fun okay get ready to laugh
with a funny lesson with friends in this
clip monica banks her nephew Ben's head
while babysitting and then has to figure
out how to lie about it to Ross and if
you're new here every single week we
help learners to understand fast
speaking natives without being lost
we're always in the jokes and without
subtitles
for example Muhammad said that we make
learning English fun simple and
understandable so if you want to make
learning English fun and easy to all you
have to do is hit that subscribe button
and the bottom low so you don't miss any
of our new lessons
[Music]
okay we're okay aren't we no we're not
okay we're not okay there's a bump
oh my god okay we're gonna need a
distraction okay that's it okay
I got it okay the second that Rawls
walks in that door I want you to take
him back to your bedroom and you do
whatever it is that you do that Mason
got me we could put a hat on his head
where we gonna find a tiny little hat
whoa I'll get ready Jay Baer I guess
he'll know what to do give it give it
it's just like a bloodbath in here today
oh my god he just said my name did you
hear that okay I heard that he just said
Monica bang mm-hmm oh my god he's gonna
rat me out saying that now no big deal
it's not even worth mentioning
you see we all do it all the time see
watch this Oh
[Music]
oh yeah you know if it's not a headboard
it's just not worth it oh my god if you
hit your head hard enough you might get
a bump in the area hit as Ben did in
this context a bump is a round raised
area on the body or a surface example
slow down there's a speed bump ahead
this word is also commonly used with the
particle in to to refer to the action of
hitting somebody else with your whole
body normally by accident for example
when you're walking and not paying
attention to what is in front of you it
can also simply mean that you met
somebody unexpectedly not that you
actually hit them oh my god Richard hi
hey Rach funny story I bumped into
Joanna on the street yesterday my boss
Joanna wow that must've been awkward
well no actually she asked me if I want
to get a drink so Monica gets desperate
and tells Rachel to push bends bump into
his head as to make his head go back to
normal
oh my god obviously Monica is not
thinking rationally or calmly here she
then suggests they use a distraction
that is something to take Ross's
attention away from Ben's bump we're
gonna need a distraction okay that's it
okay I got it okay the second that Ross
walks is not to work I want you to take
him back to your bedroom and you do
whatever it is that you do that makes it
go
to walk in a place is to enter a place
to walk inside it I guess he'll know
what to do rainy day Bear is a character
from the American 1940s cartoon series a
rainy day
[Music]
- so is to join two pieces of cloth
together by putting thread through them
with a needle or with a sewing machine
making the two pieces sewn together just
like Rachael says that the Hat is sewn
on the Bears head
bloodbath is a figurative expression
that refers to a situation where many
people get wounded and killed with
violence if you've watched the Kill Bill
movies you could call the fight scene
scene in them a bloodbath
rachel is jokingly using this expression
here oh my god did you hear how Monica
pronounced this phrase in American
English we almost always pronounce the
word just with a silent T and in the
case of this line for Monica the word
falling just starts with the letter S
which makes them connect and become the
more simple sound just said let's check
out these other examples excuse me um
can I talk to you over here for just a
second let me explain it we weren't
doing anything
Rach he just saw us
so what we just saw here of just plus a
word beginning with an S is just one of
many common examples of connected speech
so if you would like to be able to a
better understand and even speak like a
native with connected speech then our
fluent with friends course is perfect
for you in this forty eight week course
you will learn to master connected
speech while falling along with the
first two seasons of the TV series
friends plus you get twenty plus page
PDF power lessons vocabulary
memorization software access to our
fluency circle global community and so
much more and the best part is and you
can try for free right now with our
three-part master class all you have to
do is click up here or down on the
scription below and you can learn more
about that and sign up now
[Music]
okay a bang is a loud noise like a door
slamming or something heavy being
driving a wood floor it can also be a
painful physical knock like the hit on
Ben's head in this case it can be used
as a verb example don't bring your
laptop down on the table you'll break it
my god he's gonna rat me out to rat
somebody out is to inform a person on
Authority about the wrong or legal
actions of another person or simply to
expose or reveal incriminating or
embarrassing information about someone
example the newspapers ratted out the
people who are involved with the scam
which one of these expressions have a
similar meaning to rat out a big deal as
an expression used to indicate that
something is considered important I said
we didn't tell anyone whose because we
didn't want to make a big deal out of it
but it is a big deal so when we say that
something is not a big deal or that it's
no big deal that might also mean that we
don't want people to worry about it
because it's not important Chandler was
totally flirting with a hot delivery
girl
thank you for that I was not flirting
okay I don't care it's fine I do it all
the time in this case Monica wants Ben
to act casually and not worry or talk
about the fact that he hit his head
so she says it's not even worth
mentioning
to be worth doing something is to be
important or useful enough to have or do
it example there's nothing worth reading
in this magazine as I looked up at that
magnificent old structure I realized I
wasn't letting my feelings for Zoe
mislead me this building really was
worth saving
you see we all do it all the time
[Music]
okay oh yeah you know if it's not a
headboard it's just not worth it
headboard is a vertical board at the top
of a bed behind where your head rests
Rachel is saying that hitting her head
repeatedly like she just did is not
worth doing unless it's done in bed
during sex okay Ben I won't tell your
daddy that you had ice cream before
dinner if you won't tell him about our
little bunking incident Monica number
one I don't think then understands the
concept of bribery and number two you
said number two I also said number one
everyone perfect he's never been better
know what you do take him wailing good
you just said your name that's great
good job then that's what I'd sound like
if I exploded well he's finally asleep
about that bump on his head are you sure
it's a new bump I mean no offense but
I've always thought of Ben as a fairly
bumpy hit a child it's okay if he bumps
his head kids bump their heads all the
time when I was your first time
babysitting I'm sure you did the best
you could I did I know he's saying I
have to watch them all the time I did I
watched I watched I watched Monica bang
his head against that thing
Monica did it Monica um did you notice
anything weird about about Ben today no
why
well I was just playing with him and you
know we were doing the alphabet song
which he used to be really good at but
suddenly he's leaving out a and F it's
likely just Oh fell out of his head
really oh and also he's he's walking
kind of funny I mean it's like his his
left leg is moving a lot faster than his
right leg he's in there just sort of I
hope it's still funny when you're in
hell
I won't tell your daddy that you had ice
cream before dinner
if you won't tell them about our little
barking incident to bunk is to knock or
hit something though not very hard
similar to the verb bump this word would
be used especially by or with children
so Rachel says that she doesn't think
Ben understands what Monica is proposing
he does not understand what bribery is
bribery bribery is the act of giving
someone money or something else of value
often illegally to persuade that person
to do something you want it is also
heard in the form of the verb to bribe
example he bribed the police officers
and avoided getting a ticket so if
somebody tries to bribe you you could
also say that they are trying to
[Music]
so here by saying number one and number
two Rachel is simply giving Monica a
list of two reasons not to try and bribe
n into not telling Ross about what
happened bribery and number two you said
number two so we see Joey giggling and
apparently making fun of Rachel for
saying number two in a different context
number two is an informal way to refer
to solid waste from the body it's a term
that is usually used by children or when
speaking to children this is opposed to
number one so one could say that they
have to take a number one or take a
number two to refer in a non descriptive
way about having to go to the bathroom
however this is still very informal
perfect he's never been better
know what you do take him way Lee Ross
is jokingly asking them if they took Ben
wailing given the clothes he is wearing
wailing is the practice or industry of
hunting and killing whales for their oil
meat and other products you just said
your name that's great good job Ben
just as an adverb that can be used in
many different ways as you know for
example as an alternative to the word
simply or only however in the case of
Ross's line he just said your name it
was to express that something happened a
very short time ago or is starting to
happen at the present time for example
if you say that someone has just arrived
you mean that they arrived a very short
time ago did you notice anything weird
about about Ben today no why
well I was just playing with him and
okay she can't go can't tell her not to
go you just started dating what the hell
are you doing what the hell am i doing
he just brought my fridge
about that bump on his head are you sure
it's a new bump I mean no offense but
I've always thought of Ben as a fairly
bumpy hit a child no offence is an
expression used before or after
criticizing or making a comment about
somebody when you don't want them to
feel personally offended angry or upset
by it this is my last night working here
and no offense to everybody who still
works here but you have no idea how good
it feels to say that as of this moment I
will never have to make coffee again
sometimes if the other person wants to
let you know that they were not insulted
or didn't feel upset by your statement
they might respond with the words none
taken
meaning no offense was taken so rachel
says no offense because she was about to
make a comment about Ben's appearance
which could be considered an insult I
mean no offence but I've always thought
of fin as a fairly bumpy had a childhood
bumpy headed is a compound adjective
made of two words describing somebody
who has a bumpy head in English you can
combine two words connected by a hyphen
to create adjectives for example while
talking about a solution for the long
term we can refer to it as a long-term
solution $2,700
[Music]
[Applause]
oh yes Monica get in here it's a
high-speed car chase on hey does Monica
make you laugh then you might want to
check out this playlist with all of our
lessons featuring Monica from friends
after you finish this lesson all the
time was your first time babysitting the
best you could to babysit is to take
care of someone else's baby or child
while that person is out usually by
going to the person's home if you do
your best you do something the best way
you can I did I know you're saying I
have to watch them all the time
I did I watched I watched I watched
Monica bang his head against that thing
when an object or part of your body like
your head touches or hits an immovable
object such as a wall we can say that it
was done against the wall now in this
scene we can see the two slightly
different meanings of the verb to watch
being used first Ross says watch in the
line you say you have to watch them all
the time meaning to guard and take care
of somebody or something then Rachel
says I watched I watched I watched
Monica bang his head against that thing
meaning she simply observed or saw
Monica hit Ben's head against that thing
like somebody who is watching TV did you
notice anything weird about about Ben
today here
Ross decides to make fun of Monica by
pretending he's have been acting strange
as if you were suffering from the bump
well I was just playing with him and you
know we were doing the alphabet song
which he used to be really good at the
alphabet song is a song used to teach
children the alphabet which in English
normally sounds like this
[Music]
abcdefg you know we were doing the
alphabet song which he used to be really
good at but suddenly she's leaving out a
and F if you leave something or somebody
out you're not including or mentioning
it to them example the Lord of the Rings
movies had to leave out a lot of the
original story from the books because
they were too long also he's he's
working kind of funny I mean it's like
his his left leg is moving a lot faster
than his right leg he's in there just
sort of to walk funny is to walk any
funny way even though funny is an
adjective it can be used and formally as
an adverb especially when describing
body actions and movement like to walk
funny or talk funny
not funnily example my stomach feels
funny I shouldn't have eaten that fish
to wreck is to destroy or badly damaged
something example the children have
wrecked my camera Monica thinks she has
caused been some kind of severe head
trauma or injury jerk is an informal way
to call somebody
normally a man who treats others badly
rich I'm sorry okay look I would I was a
jerk okay I'm sorry I know I want you
there I need you there
[Music]
face food spoon done all right you know
what
I think he's bored gonna play the
airplane game Yoona show Rachel come
here do something okay he's not gonna
say anything because we're not gonna
tell him we're not no we're not sorry I
like that super hey we're okay we're
okay are we no we're not okay we're not
okay there's a bump
oh my god in okay
we're gonna need a distraction okay
that's it okay I got it okay the second
that Ross walks in that door here I want
you to take him back to your bedroom and
you do whatever it is that you do that
Mason got me we could put a hat on his
head where we're gonna find a tiny
little hat whoa I'll get ready to bear I
guess he'll know what to do Oh give it
give it
it's just like a bloodbath in here today
mom oh my god he just said my name did
you hear that okay I heard that
did he just say Monica bang oh my god
he's gonna rat me out saying that now no
big deal it's not even worth mentioning
you see we all do it all the time
see watch this
[Music]
okay oh yeah you know if it's not a
headboard it's just not worth it okay
then I won't tell your daddy that you
had ice cream before dinner if you won't
tell him about our little barking
incident Monica number one I don't think
then understands the concept of bribery
and number two you said number two he's
never been better know what you do take
him wailing good you just said your name
that's great good job Ben that's what I
sound like I exploded well he's finally
asleep about that bump on his head
are you sure it's a new bump I mean no
offense but I've always thought of Ben
as a fairly bumpy hit a child okay if he
bumps his head
kids bump their heads all the time you
know was your first time babysitting I'm
sure you did the best you could I did I
know he's saying I have to watch them
all the time I did I watched I watched I
watched Monica bang his head against
that thing
Monica did it
Monica um did you notice anything weird
about about Ben today no why
well I was just playing with him and you
know we were doing the alphabet song
which he used to be really good at but
suddenly he's leaving out a and F it's
likely just no fell out of his head
really oh and also he's he's walking
kind of funny I mean it's like his his
left leg is moving a lot faster than his
right leg yeah he's in there just sort
of I hope it's still funny when you're
in hell
all right I hope that you enjoyed
understanding all the jokes and laughing
along don't give up now keep the
learning going by checking out one of
our other lessons right here and now
it's time to go beyond the classroom and
live your English oh yeah